Estimate gsof header.stamp based on PostitionTime or INSSolution (#9)
trimble-oss/trimble_driver_ros: README.md

| `publish_tf`                            | `bool`         | Enable publishing of standard ROS TF.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         |
| `publish_gsof_msgs`                     | `bool`         | Enable publishing of the ROS version of GSOF messages. These messages have almost exactly the same format as those defined in the GSOF protocol.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | `estaimte_gsof_time`                    | `bool`         | This will use the nearest PositionTime (#1) or INSSolution (#49) message as the header timestamp for messages that do not have GPS time in the GSOF protocol.  To get the most accurate time stamp, one of these two messages should be broadast equal to the greater than the fastest GSOF update rate. If this is disabled, some GSOF header timestamps will be at 0 sec, 0 ns.                     | 

Reviewer: If I am understanding the feature correctly, `estimate_gsof_time == true` will only make sense if `time_source == gps`? If that is correct, can we add that to the docs?

Author: Right now it affects all timestamps (at least in my testing).  Even with the time source set to `now`, the GSOF packets do not set any timestamp for packets that do not have a `gps_time` field present.  I just verified this on my system as well.

Adding a note here to correct my typo in: `estaimte` that should be `estimate`.

Reviewer: My expectation is that is time_source is `now` then the time stamp should just always be overridden with `rclcpp::Clock()::now()` which is not the case for certain messages.

But I now understand what you were saying in your initial PR description about maintaining this behavior.

> | `estaimte_gsof_time`                    | `bool`         | This will use the nearest PositionTime (#1) or INSSolution (#49) message as the header timestamp for messages that do not have GPS time in the GSOF protocol.  To get the most accurate time stamp, one of these two messages should be broadast equal to the greater than the fastest GSOF update rate. If this is disabled, some GSOF header timestamps will be at 0 sec, 0 ns.                     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `estimate_gsof_time`                    | `bool`         | This will use the nearest PositionTime (#1) or INSSolution (#49) message as the ROS `std_msgs::msg::Header` timestamp for messages that do not have GPS time in the GSOF protocol.  To get the most accurate time stamp, one of these two messages should be broadcast at equal or greater than the highest GSOF update rate. If this is disabled, some GSOF translated messages will have their `std_msgs::msg::Header` timestamps at 0 sec, 0 ns.                     | 
```

Author: Wording changes have been updated, thank you.

Reviewer: Is it possible the wording change got lost in some commit?

Author: Yeah, looks like something got messed up when I was switching between our production code and this PR branch.  It should be fixed now.

> | `estimate_gsof_time`                    | `bool`         | This will use the nearest PositionTime (#1) or INSSolution (#49) message as the header timestamp for messages that do not have GPS time in the GSOF protocol.  To get the most accurate time stamp, one of these two messages should be broadast equal to the greater than the fastest GSOF update rate. If this is disabled, some GSOF header timestamps will be at 0 sec, 0 ns.                     | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `estimate_gsof_time`                    | `bool`         | This will use the nearest PositionTime (#1) or INSSolution (#49) message as the header timestamp for messages that do not have GPS time in the GSOF protocol.  To get the most accurate time stamp, one of these two messages should be broadcast equal to or greater than the fastest GSOF update rate. If this is disabled, some GSOF header timestamps will be at 0 sec, 0 ns.                     | 
```
